DOC-2200-nullableb-4.3 (#327)
tigergraph/gsql-docs: modules/ddl-and-loading/pages/creating-a-loading-job.adoc

When loading data from JSON documents, the valid BOOL values are `true` and `false`.

=== Loading a nullable attribute

> In 4.3, `NULL` values can be loaded into vertex or edge attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Loading a nullable attribute [v4.3+]

`NULL` values can be loaded into vertex or edge attributes
```

defined as `NULLABLE` using the `NULL` or `null` keyword in the `VALUES` clause.

.Example
[source,gsql]
----
// Company(PRIMARY_ID client_id STRING, id STRING, country STRING NULLABLE)

CREATE LOADING JOB load_null_country FOR GRAPH Work_Net {
    DEFINE FILENAME f;
    LOAD f TO VERTEX Company VALUES ($0, $1, NULL);
}
RUN LOADING JOB load_null_country USING f="/data/company.csv"
----

> `NULL` values are also supported when xref:4.3@gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:running-a-loading-job.adoc[Running a Loading Job]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NULL` values are also supported when xref:gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:running-a-loading-job.adoc[Running a Loading Job]
```
Do not put version numbers in most links. 
Exceptions: In release notes, because the release notes are talking about ONLY that version.
